---
pubDate: 2024-03-15
author: Andrew Lovett-Barron
title: Week 2
description: Tooling and Productive Anxiety
image:
  url: /images/thumbnail2.svg
  alt: "#"
tags:
  - product
  - tooling
public: true
---

## Build the Megafauna Toolchain

- The basic coaching platform CRM that I mentioned previously is one piece, I also need to build out the tool for managing workshops.
- Megafauna is a "one plus" shop for now — meaning that I'm running everything with myself with support from partners — contractors, consultants, and freelancers.
- I need to automate the right things, while allowing for productive friction where creative work come fromes.
- The big first steps are workshop management, feedback, and capture. Automating as much as that as I can will mean less work (and lower fees) later.
- Thankfully, I've been doing this for about fifteen years now, even if Megafauna itself is new. So there's a long list to work towards.

## Anxiety Game

- Redeveloping my [Covid Anxiety game](https://andrewlb.com/blog/covid-anxiety) as a more generalized offering.
- Covid Anxiety was a super effective planning tool for my little family during covid. It helped us make some smart bets during period that supported our goals.
- We're never not living in Interesting Times (as Twoflower would say), so it seems prudent.
- I'll be playtesting it soon, so [send me a note](mailto:alb@andrewlb.com) if you're interested.

## Coaching Client

- Connecting with some early coaching clients and testing a new approach.
- Submitting my Animas certification means I can be a bit less dogmatic about my coaching style.
- Specifically, that means using more visual and design tools with my clients.

## Hosting Free Workshops

- I'm starting to look for spaces and communities to host some free workshops using my original content.
- Part of the thesis of Megafauna is community. After a few years of remote-only work, I dearly miss the community that participatory design and workshopping brings.
- Also it can be a good case for demoing my work
- I'll be sharing all this [on my newsletter](https://andrewlb.com).
