---
date: 2024-03-08
author: Andrew Lovett-Barron
title: Week 1
description: Starting up Megafauna
image:
  url: /images/thumbnail1.svg
  alt: "#"
tags:
  - business
  - tooling
public: true
---

## Forming Megafauna

- Got Megafauna incorporated this week, with all that entails in Denmark
- Forming a business in Denmark is always a little fraught as a foreigner, so making sure it's all set up properly.
- Found a lovely corporate accountant to work with through my friend Alex at Hello Neuman, so happy with this setup.

## Coaching Certification

- A bit belated since I completed the requirements in February, but submitted for my transformation coaching certification with [Animas](https://www.animascoaching.com/).
- 50 hours of coaching, 40 hours of class work, 13 clients, and 8 hours of 1-on-1 coaching mentorship and review has been a fantastic process. As skeptical as I was of some aspects of coaching going into it, it's been an incredibly effective program.

## Website Up

- Getting the website up (this one) is the big "work" focus this week. Tooling, design, content, and just making sure all the basics are in place.
- This time, the site is built on AstroJS, hosted on vercel, and much of the core content is written in markdown. My other megafauna connected site, [coaching for makers](https://coach.andrewlb.com) is written in the same.

## Behind the Scenes Work

- Busy implementing a simple CRM and mechanism for tracking coaching clients. Basically the lead up to being able to provide a coaching client portal.
- Much of this is currently being built on [Grist](https://getgrist.com/). I'll write about it at some point, but the long and short is that it fits the need (i.e. spreadsheets), has python support, has an easy API, and can be self-hosted.
